Voice search has been installed on Panasonic Strada
Let's try it with the 2014 autumn model rx series
At first we connect with car navigation system and smartphone bluetooth
Tei was
If you want to listen to music saved on your smartphone, register Jun Tooth Audio as well
Next , launch the drive path of the dedicated application
Yes this is standby ok
Then let's start voice search Hair has button is also on the menu screen
If you have a car with a steering switch
In this button Nanao city
Hello
Which one do you prefer
Hair can go into mode
This car navigation map is the April 2014 version
Hello
Where are you going
Tachikawa's going
radika will examine your ikea, not goods
There is ikea Tachikawa
Do you want to set it as the destination
Hello
Explore route
Please be careful
Because Toranomon Hills was open in June
It is not yet included in the map as of April
You can search by voice search in
Please tell us the place you want to go Hello
Toranomon Hills
We will investigate Toranomon Hills
2 plastic gate hills found
1 is Toranomon Hills Nipasho distribute brother Toranomon Hills store
Please select by number or name
Go to the top
Set Toranomon Hills as the destination
3 re
I think you even when I mean a waiting near the coffee shop of a friend and train station
Please tell us the place you want to go Hello
Coffee shop near Kichijoji Station
We will find a coffee shop near Kichijoji Station
20 shops found nearby
Coffee shop Kichijoji south exit store that is outposted to Kitamura Shoji
San Herb sucks and is a good Kichijoji store
Unfortunately it is raining today
Hello
Where are you going
Hey Is not the place to play even in the rain
We recommend checking the place to play even in the rain Nearby
We found a place where we could play even 20 rains
Minato Ward Minato library in the city Minato Ward Minato library in the near people
Yama nh Seimoto SO Museum
It's Hello Agent
I will go there
Near the door unusual
I will check the toilet near here
Lawson at City Seven Eleven Shimbashi 5-chome store to the chairperson found 20 toilets
Shinbashi died
About 1700 genres of information are available on the server
I'm looking for a place to meet my keywords
Panasonic speech recognition is characterized by specializing in destination search
Let's live, you will surely be looking for